Config syntax docs update (#35093)
hashicorp/terraform: website/docs/language/syntax/configuration.mdx

A block has a _type_ (`resource` in this example). Each block type defines
how many _labels_ must follow the type keyword. The `resource` block type
expects two labels, which are `aws_instance` and `example` in the example above.

> First label `aws_instance` is the `resource` type provided by  AWS provider in Terraform and
> second label `example` is an arbitrary name given to this particular instance of the `aws_instance` of block `resource`. 
> In Terraform, we can have multiple instances of the same block type (`resource`). And we differentiate 
> them by giving each instance a unique name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `aws_instance` label is specific to the AWS provider. It specifies the `resource` type that Terraform provisions when you apply the configuration. The second label is an arbitrary name that you can add to the particular instance of the resource. You can create multiple instances of the same block type and differentiate them by giving each instance a unique name. In this example, the Terraform configuration author assigned the `example` label to this instance of the `aws_instance` resource. 
```
A few tweaks to address grammar, style, and clarity. For example, don't use the inclusive "we" unless HashiCorp is actually performing the action.
